Daniella they also need to leave nigga
they have enjoy organs like oh yeah
Naomi and Anita anything here only
embody go finish it all through yeah
they are you Charaka Samhita there in
canto for me l just saw that we are not
to miss the NIDA
yeah what color life doing mm them they
are they okay no pickles hey kid I was
like a guy Sunita then cake pan and a
don't thank a clean either leave or you
go to LA to me that they are gonna take
these take you guys some neither there
you go Bonnie hey kudos it is voluntary
uncle Keaney
because you go you're gonna run Copiah
call the tech updated we all take it I
use a little Lego put into okay call
this or yes to me that yeah